docs: Desaturate the docs of all the yaml (#3405)
weaveworks/weave-gitops: website/docs/configuration/user-permissions.mdx

For example, applying the following manifest on remote clusters, ensures that the `wego-admin` user will be able to view canary information from within the Weave GitOps Enterprise UI on the management cluster:

> <details><summary>Expand to see example service user RBAC</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details><summary>Expand to see example of remote cluster canary reader RBAC</summary>
```

Author: 🍝
